Create dedicated Docker Build section (#14642)
docker/docker.github.io: build/buildx/install.md

---
title: Install Docker Buildx
description: How to install Docker Buildx
keywords: build, buildx, buildkit
---

## Docker Desktop

> Docker Buildx is included in [Docker Desktop](../../desktop/index.md) for Windows, macOS, and Linux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Docker Buildx is a Docker CLI plugin and is shipped with [Docker Desktop](../../desktop/index.md). Docker Desktop is available for Windows, macOS, and Linux.
```
